Dear all 
This is an experimental issue
so please make your changes here and push them to the group and see how this will work!

In this exercise you are kindly expected to make changes on the document, such as adding two keywords to your questions and push it back. So will give soft try how we work on one single document. Currently it will be a straight text message, but in the near future we will try to collaborate on a Java code as well. 
Obviously this is not the best practice but it is only the first practice for all of us.
By the way thank you for your cooperation in advance.


Dear @everyone, 
We are going to have our regular group meeting on Monday. In order to get the most of it, I have assigned some questions, from the document that was share by Omer, to each of you. I did try to follow the order of questions but skipped some for a number of reasons. 
Here are the rules of engagement. 
1.    We will have in total three loops. I will go person by person, one question at a time. 
2.    Each of you will try to do what we do for a Flipgrid recording.
3.    But each of you will have only one minute each question and any question whether long or short. So please tailor your response accordingly. (I might consider to do something other for longer answers later, but for the first round I am looking for a light touch and go to each and every question on the document). 
4.    Please at the start of your response try give us two keywords that we should remember regarding that question. 
At the end of the meeting we will have a short retro session to decide on what we should keep doing and what we should fix. 
So if you have any questions, feel free to throw them in. And please try to be happy what you have as a question, since life itself might not be no more just than this.


Mehmet A	
19. Important terminology in Inheritance?	
47. What's the difference between IS-A and HAS-A relationship?	
7. What is in the Selenium tool set?

Mehmet S	
21. Difference between method Overloading and method Overriding?	
48. What is Iterator and difference between for each loop?	
11. What are various ways of locating an element in Selenium?

Ahmet
12. Why I cannot find element?
    --Key Words:focus on your selected Locator
                iframe
                check Page (change)
22. What is immutable?
    --Key Words:string objects.
                unmodifiable or unchangeable.
                final

52. Do you know typecasting? What is casting?
    --Key words:Widening Casting (automatically)
                Narrowing Casting (manually)


Muhammed	
24. What is Access modifier and what are the different access modifiers?	
54. How do you use an abstract class in your project give me an example?	
14. What is Xpath?

Halil	
25. Difference between Public, Private and Protected modifier in Java?	
1. What is Selenium and what is composed of?	
15. Absolute (/) and Relative (//) Xpath?

Murat 	
28. What is Array?	
2. What are the advantages of Selenium?	
16. How do you handle dynamic elements?

Sema	
29. How do you find if ArrayList contains duplicates or not?	
3. What are the disadvantages of Selenium?	
17. How to test dynamic web page?

Harun	
40. Difference between Object and Class?	
. What are the limitations of Selenium?	
18. How to test dynamic table?

Galip	
43. What is final keyword?	
5. What types of testing you automate with Selenium?	
21. How can we move to nth child element using xpath?

Berk	
44. What is static keyword?	
6. What we don't do with selenium?	
22. Difference between xpath and css selector?
